EDU-14315: Update 1-configuring-external-dns.mdx (#1703)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/faststore/docs/go-live/1-configuring-external-dns.mdx

## Related Resources

   - [Configuring the store domain](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/configuring-the-store-domain--tutorials_2450)
   - [Setting up DNS pointing to VTEX](https://help.vtex.com/tracks/go-live-your-store--4Ns5FxIiksmjsdX2yOTduM/12bQlMbJ68Ot0LIaO6Btkj#setting-up-dns-pointing)

>    - [How to insert a reverse proxy in front of VTEX services](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/how-to-insert-a-reverse-proxy-in-front-of-vtex-services)

Reviewer: This link was leading to 404

```suggestion
   - [Insert a reverse proxy in front of VTEX services](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/insert-reverse-proxy-in-front-of-vtex-services--4PFWsfRAKviNVPf1bYdiir)
```
